= RssImap

RssImap checks your favorite RSS and Atom feeds and stores new objects/messages/posts/ (?)
on your IMAP server, so you can read it with your favorite mail reader
or even a webmail client.

== Prerequisites

To use this software, you'll need a system to run the script in a certain
interval and a compatible IMAP account.

=== Dependencies

XXX needs the following gems, if they are not already present on your system,
they'll get installed:
- actionmailer
- hpricot
- htmlentities
- tidy
- simple-rss

The tidy gem doesn't contain libtidy, you need to install it separately using
your package manager.
Gentoo: emerge app-text/htmltidy
Debian: aptitude install libtidy-ruby

=== Compatible IMAP Servers

I use rssimap with Courier-IMAP and Dovecot. Other IMAP servers should work as well,
but I haven't tested them. If you can run it successfully with another
server, please drop me a note so I can update this README.

== Installing rssimap

You may get the latest stable version from Rubyforge:

  $ gem install rssimap

After that, you should have the gem installed and you can copy the
settings.rb.example file from the installation directory to the place from
where you want to run the script. You'll need a configuration file, another
one to hold a list of all your feeds' urls and a temporary file to hold
state information about the processed feeds.

Please edit the settings file accordingly to the instructions in it.

Next we need a list of all the urls you want rssimap to check. Run
rssimap -n to create an empty file or with the name of an OPML file as argument.
For example, the following creates the "feeds.yml" file with all the feeds from
"feeds.opml" and uses the "feeds" folder as root in your inbox to store them
all. Each feed will get its own folder under "feeds". (If you just want to
evaluate rssimap I'd recommend to operate it on a dedicated mailbox, so you can
easily get rid of it afterwards.)

  $ rssimap -n feeds.opml -o -r feeds

You might want to edit the file afterwards to rename the folders. You can run
rssimap -c feeds.yaml to check the configuration. After that, we can run
rssimap with the settings.rb file as argument.

  $ rssimap /home/misto/rssimap/settings.rb

I recommend to use absolute paths to avoid troubles. If everything works,
the script should generate some folders on your IMAP server and fetch the
first round of feeds. If you are happy with the results, you can run the
script regularly, for example using cron.

Thank you for using rss-imap and don't forget to drop me an email if you
have feature requests or bugs to report.
